# Python LLM Llama GPT IA Project
This is a project that uses the GPT model from LlamaHub's LLM API to answer questions via a web interface built with Django and React.

## Getting Started
To get started with this project, you will need to have Python, Yarn, and Poetry installed on your system.

### Installing Python Dependencies
To install the Python dependencies, you can use Poetry. First, navigate to the llm_api directory and run:
```bash
poetry install
```
This will install all of the Python dependencies for the project.

### Running the Django Server
To run the Django server, navigate to the llm_api directory and run:
```bash
python manage.py runserver
```
This will start the Django development server, which will be accessible at http://localhost:8000

### Installing React Dependencies
To install the React dependencies, navigate to the llamaprompt-app directory and run:
```bash
yarn install
```
This will install all of the necessary dependencies for the React project.

### Running the React Server
To run the React server, navigate to the llamaprompt-app directory and run:
```bash
yarn start
```

This will start the development server for the React project, which will be accessible at http://localhost:3000

## Project Structure
The project is divided into two main directories: llm_api and llamaprompt-app.

#### llm_api

- api: Contains the views for the API endpoints.
- llm_api: Contains the project settings and main urls.py file.
- indexed_articles: Contains the json file generated by llama after indexing data on GPT.

#### llamaprompt-app
The llamaprompt-app directory contains the React project, which provides the web interface for asking questions. The project is organized into the following directories:

- src/components: Contains the React components that make up the web interface.
- src/pages: Contains the top-level pages for the web interface.
- src/store: Contains the Redux store, reducers, and actions.
- src/index.js: Contains the entry point for the React application.

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to this project, feel free to submit changes.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.